Now the recipes of course should be rendered on the category meals screen which is the screen reloading
loading when we selected a category.
And obviously to render any recipes we need them.
We need recipes or meals as I also called them here and I will start by adding a new model meal J.S.
where I define how a meal should look like in a app.
Now does extra definition is optional.
But I think it makes a bit easier to reason about our data and its structure.
So I'll set up a class here and export it.
And in that class add a constructor that allows us to create new reconfigured meals based on the structure
we're about to set up here.
Now a meal will be more complex than category.
It will have an I.D..
But it all will have some category I.D. to which it belongs.
So multiple categories to which a meal can belong.
It will have a title.
So a name.
And then it will have some extra feels like the affordability of a meal.
So is it pricey is a cheap.
The complexities of how complex it is to to make that dish based on that recipe image.
Your L which point to the image on the web where this where we have a nice picture of that meal the
duration it takes in minutes to to create that meal all the ingredients which should be an array.
The steps we need to take to make that meal soda instructions and then for fields which help us filter
is gluten free which marks Weber does is gluten free or not so this will be a boolean is vegan is vegetarian
and is lactose free.
These are the four fields which I'll use in this app.
Now all of that data we're getting here will then be stored in properties.
So here I'll set this I.D. equal to I.D. This category I.D. equals two equal two categories I.D. category
I.D. this title equal to title this image you are all equal to image you are L and so on of course.
So just store all the arguments we're getting in properties off that while object in the end will be
created based on the class.
So we'll also get our steps here of course we'll store the duration will store the complexity We'll
store the affordability here of course in a property we'll store whether this is gluten free and also
all the other filters of course.
So is v again this is a veggie Terry and should all be stored of course and is lactose free.
That will also be stored and yeah.
With that I'm storing all that data.
Now we can add some dummy data some dummy meals and of course you'll find those attached again.
All you need to do in a dummy data jazz file is import meal from the models folder and there from yield
dot JSA or just for a meal like this and now attached in the javascript file you find attached you also
find that meals at REI which you can add here that is now just a bunch of recipes I prepared for you
which uses or which use all the fields we set up in our model.
Now that's dummy data we work with.
Now let's start working with that and let's render a list of these meals on the category meals screen.
Of course only meals that fit into the category we select it so that half our category I.D..